so how was the first day of school it
was fine I guess
I don't know do you ever look at someone
and wonder what is going on inside their
head did you guys pick up on that sure
go ahead
something's wrong we're gonna find out
what's happening but we'll need support
signal the husband huh uh-oh she's
looking at us what did she say whoa oh
oh sorry sir no one's listening is it
garbage night
we left the toilet seat up what what is
it woman what signal him again aah so
Riley how was school for this we gave up
that Brazilian helicopter pilot school
was great all right what was that I
thought you said we were gonna act
casual Riley is everything okay sir she
just rolled her eyes at us all right
make a show of force I don't have to put
the foot down no not the foot Riley I do
not like this new attitude oh I'll show
you attitude oh no no no no breathe
what is your problem just leave me alone
sir reporting high levels of sass take
it to DEFCON 2 DEFCON 2 I don't know
where this disrespectful attitude came
from you want a piece of this pop yeah
well look prepare the foot
the safety position waiter the lunch on
your command sir fire that's it go to
your room the foot is down the foot is
down oh good job gentlemen
that could have been a disaster well
that was a disaster
come fly with me gatinha